We've now got some code in place to make sure that we should accept the payment that the user is trying
to provide to us.
So we've done all these validation steps.
So now down here we're going to try to take the token that was provided inside this initial request,
reach out to the Stripe API and actually charge the user's credit card.
Let's first take a look at a diagram just to help you understand exactly what's going to go on with
this step.
All right.
Here we go.
We've got our payment service.
Our ultimate goal is to reach out to the Stripe API and charge the users credit card for some amount.
At this point inside of our payment service, inside that route handler, we just have a token, which
is an authorization to charge the user for some amount of money in order to actually charge the user's
credit card.
We're going to install the Node.js Stripe SDK.
So this is essentially an NPM module that has a little bit of code inside of it to allow us to very
easily communicate with the Stripe API.
We're going to use this module and we're going to call a method inside there to charge the user's credit
card.
When we do so, we're going to provide the token that was included inside the request to our request
handler.
And we're also going to include an API key that is going to identify our application to the Stripe API.
So to move forward, we have to do two different things.
We have to install the Stripe SDK into our payments project.
We also have to sign up for a Stripe account and get an API key.
So we're going to go through both those steps inside this video.
Let's first install the Stripe SDK back at my terminal.
I'm going to change into my payments directory and then do an NPM install stripe.
That's pretty much it.
So I'm going to run this command.
Very small module should install rather quickly.
Okay.
That was easy enough.
Next up, we're going to go to the stripe website, sign up for an account and get an API key.
So to do so inside of a new browser tab, I'm going to navigate to Stripe.
Now just, you know, the strip landing page and the documentation changes its look and theme rather
frequently.
So if you come to this page and it looks different than what I see, that is totally okay.
The Stripe API itself rarely changes.
It's actually pretty famous for being a rather stable API, so even if some stuff on this page looks
a little bit different, it's probably going to be totally just fine because the API itself is pretty
darn stable.
So once a year, we're going to try to create a new account.
You can either click on sign in on the top right, or just click the green start now button.
Well, then sign up for a new account.
So I'm going to create a new account myself as well.
And it does not like my password.
There we go.
Good enough.
All right.
There we go.
Really demanding on that password.
So once we sign in for the very first time, we'll come to a landing screen that looks like this.
The only thing we really want to do right now is try to find our API key.
The other thing we're going to have to do just, you know, we have to verify our email address.
So you will want to open up your email.
You will get an email from Stripe.
It's probably going to look a little something like this right here.
So it says, just click this link.
Just make sure you do exactly what it says.
Just click on Verify Email address.
So once we have verified our account, we're then going to either click on Get Test API keys right here.
If you do not see that link on the main page, you can also find developers on the left tab, click
on developers and then click on API keys.
Either way, you will come to a page that looks like this and you're going to see a publishable key
and a secret key.
So we're going to leave this page open for just a moment.
We're going to take a pause right now.
And when we come back, the next video, we're going to set up the Stripe SDK inside of our project.